# CS340

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I think the best way to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is to try to write the programs in the most simple terms possible. I mean to write clear, clean, conicise code that is easy to read, and modify. I believe this is something I became better at after project one, as I was able to achieve full functionality in project one later on after revising my code. I believe working with the widgets was challenging, but I learned so much. At first i thought I would never get the hang of it, but in module six, things finally started to click for me. I plan to practice writing python code more in the future to have a better advantage, because I had very limited experience in python before this class. 
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I believe the best way to approach a problem as a computer scientist is to try and follow the UI/UX guidelines in the best way possible. This could even include gettng input back from potential users of the application, and getting their feeback. I believe in the future I would work with NoSQL and MongoDB because the querying has made things much easier when interacting with a database. This is the toughest class I have taken so far, I tried to attack things early and often, but often it resulted in trial and failure weeks at a time. I will probably reach out for help early on in the future.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists are at the forefront on innovating technology. They are faced with the challenging problems of tommorrow, especially with all the artificial intelligence going on these days. I think ultimately the biggest challenge is ethics of computer science, and how it could possibly effect our way of life in the future. I believe in app like the one we worked on in this course helps companies like Grazioso Salvare do their work better by simply bringing in more business through the use of a full stack application that makes it easier on them.
